Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
CINEMATOGRAPHY
SET DESIGN
EDITING
MUSIC
PRODUCER - CASTEL FILM STUDIOS
PRODUCER - HBO ROMANIA
CREATIVE PRODUCER FOR HBO ROMANIA
EXECUTIVE PRODUCER FOR HBO EUROPE
WRITTEN BY
DIRECTED BY
SILENT VALLEY
That wasn't the deal.
German. was it?!
You can't play me like a fiddle. man!
How are we doing this?
Where's the stuff?!
What do you mean. no stuff?!
How’s that. no stuff? Hey!
Right... So where's the stuff at?
What do you mean. nowhere. man?!
[IN GYPSY]
Mother-fucking asshole!
- What is it. man? What'd he say?
- Just like we thought. he lied to us!
Said he'd hold on to it.
or else he’ll clue Jartea in!
Son of a bitch!
Come on. call those two.
we need to go!
- What do you want?
- I want to come too!
You’re not going anywhere!
Get back inside!
- But...
- Are you deaf or what?! Now!
- You heard him. bro! Go inside!
- But I can help...
- Come on. man!
- What?
- Man. your dad used to be a cowboy!
- Yeah. colonel sheriff. shit you not!
- With money in his pockets!
- Living large!
- Catch!
- What the...! Auch!
- Man. I'll...!
- Catch. bro...!
- Stop. bro...!
- Man. you suck!... No. no. don't!
- Let me go...!
- Say it! Say. I suck!
- Shut up!
- Man! Klutz!
Quit it!
I'll shove that can up your..
It’s natural. bro. no E-numbers.
- Grass!
- Yeah. all G's all the way!
You smoked in Bucharest. did'ya?
Instead of Coke?
I did heavier stuff too. but...
...not since I moved to Brasov...
It's done. Dusted.
I wish our folks smoked up too!
It'd loosen them up some.
Sorry.
The shit my dad’s got pent up inside
could blow up a continent!
Let's sell your dad to the Americans!
We’d be living like kings in Miami
on the reward!
Would you wanna live somewhere else?
Sometimes I think I would.
Some place where...
Dunno... Where you can be yourself.
You know?
Where you don’t have to hide.
What do you have to hide.
aside from your pea brain?
Hey! Careful!
Go on. for real. what?
I need to borrow your phone.
for a minute tops.
I won’t steal it or anything.
Take this.
Hello? It's Cristi.
Write this down fast!
Silver BMW... plates P2421AH.
I'm at the gas station
in Lower Timis. Yeah. the big one.
We've got this guy in the trunk.
I think they wanna kill him.
Really now. what the fuck. Filip?!
It's messed up... what happened!
- Why?
- How the fuck can you ask why?!
This didn't happen! OK?
Is someone coming?
- Man. is it your dad?
- Shut the fuck up!
The air up here man. fuck yeah. man!
Go on. get him out!
- Should I untie his legs?
- Do you plan on carrying his ass?
They're gonna shoot you!
Go on...
I’ve got a gun on my belt. Got it?
Walk. you fucker!
We're ready.
Get out of the way.
Move your ass aside!
Let's go!
What the fuck is this?!
Are you mad?!
He's coming after us!
Turn that off! This way! Come on!
Horia?
Let's go!
All of this stays between us. OK?
- Swear it. bro!!
- I swear. OK.
Let's go!
- All done?
- Yeah.
- Filip?
- I let him sleep a while longer.
- Good morning.
- Morning.
Good morning.
Did you sleep OK?
Enjoy.
I’m not coming home after school.
so you know.
I’m going up to visit mom.
- Weren’t you just there last week?
- So?
You can’t go see her whenever
you want. she's in jail!
- Yeah. thanks to you!
- Filip...
And anyway. I’m allowed
two more visits this month.
Look. I was thinking... Why don't
we all get away for the weekend?
We had a deal. Filip.
You see her every other week.
Those people have rules.
I've already scheduled it.
Later!
I know it's hard for you.
You miss her. I get it.
But taking it out on us
doesn't do anyone any good.
Radu Diaconu's here.
Wants a word with you.
- Radu Diaconu?
- Yes. he's downstairs. just come.
- Morning. Radu.
- Morning.
What's up?
I've just come from the cabin.
our place in the woods. you know...
Yes. I know.
I found four dead people there.
- Didn't know where to go first...
- Back up. what?! Four dead people?!
Yeah. dead! Splayed out horizontally.
with a peephole in the head.
not alive. not for a while.
- Sorry.
- Did you call the police?
Of course.
What's your take?
It went down around 11 PM.
The shooter had excellent aim.
I think he's a marksman.
We're waiting on positive ID's
for the victims.
- And the weapon?
- Hasn't turned up yet.
One of the victims had a Glock.
Hasn't been fired.
And the car?
We don't have a match yet.
I radioed it in.
Did you find any
trace evidence inside?
We'd be lucky to find anything.
with the state it's in.
Maybe that's why it's been set
on fire.
- Let's check inside. all the same.
- Quite right. we'll look everywhere.
OK.
Fine. Bye.
- Hey.
- What's up? Where are you?
- At home.
- So. are you coming or what?
- I'm on my way. leaving now.
- Look. your dad came by the house.
Hang on. man! The cops are here...
- I've no idea what went down.
- Horia? Hello? Horia?
Hello?!
I don't know who they are
or why they were near the cabin.
We don't go up there
that often anyway.
Our son Horia is there a lot.
He's training.
For the motocross championships.
Yeah. So this morning I had stuff
to do at the cabin.
I looked for the key.
but it wasn't in its usual spot.
And I went anyway.
Would've changed the cylinder.
It's in my rain coat.
I forgot to take it out.
- Again?!
- Yeah.
So. when did you go there last?
Uh... The day before yesterday.
Right. dad?
Can you take me? I missed the bus.
You're not going anywhere today!
I'll write you a note.
Yeah! Are you slow or what?
Shot straight in the head.
- Give me a break!
- You think I'm making this up?
Wanna bet?
- Zamfir killed them. guys!
- I bet!
He let one rip and gassed them all!
Or Horia! With his bike!
Fess up. did your boyfriend’s
mofo-cycle sputter out?
- What did you say?
- He's mad now! This is gonna be good!
You heard me.
Want me to talk slower?
Were you dropped on your head?
Chill. bro! Leave it!
- Stop. man! Leave it!
- Chill. chill!
Briefing the press?
Was that necessary?
I know
it’s not something common. but...
They would've been
all over us anyway.
We're getting off easy this way.
Keeping it orderly. official.
OK. But do remember
what we talked about.
I'll only head this up till you find
someone else to take over.
Let's see this thing through for now.
Fine. we'll see. I have to go.
there's a development here.
- Hello. Can I help you?
- Laurentiu Codrea. DIICOT.
- Barbu. Homicide.
- Agent Camelia Badoi.
They won't even let us do our job.
look at them striding in like...
Laurentiu Codrea. DIICOT.
Who's the DA?
I am. Elena Zamfir.
Agent Camelia Badoi.
I'm curious
what brings you down here.
We got an anonymous tip last night.
We had to follow up on it.
- Gloves?
- Over there.
Thanks.
About the car...
It's registered
to a Stadian Ceprache.
Just like we thought.
The Jartea clan.
Now I get it.
One of the victims
is Stadian Ceprache. am I right?
- Yes.
- And the other three men?
From the clan too. are they?
Are you OK?
Sure? Camelia...
Hey. hey. hey!
You need to leave the perimeter.
Sorry.
You won't mind us
taking a DNA sample. right?
You know the drill.
Getting back
to ID-ing the victims...
Let's take them one by one.
The victims' names... I don't know
their addresses by heart.
but I can email them to you later.
- Was this "Cristian Iuga" police?
- No.
I said. no.
I'd like to know what this anonymous
caller said last night.
If you've got further questions.
you'd best talk to Mr. Manolescu.
I'll be addressing the press
this evening.
I think all our lives would be easier
if you guys answered by then.
Otherwise. I'll have no choice
but make conjectures. in public.
Really now. Filip...
Why would you do that?
- She was rude.
- You can't hit girls. No matter what!
We'll continue this at home. OK?
Now you get back to class
and apologize!
Deal? Do this. please. Go on.
Horia!
- What's up. man?
- Nothing.
Why didn't you call back?
I thought something happened.
To me? It looks like
you're the one with the story.
- Who beat you up?
- Just some guy. never mind.
- You didn't breathe a word. I hope.
- No. What was the deal with the cops?
- What did they want?
- To talk to my old man.
- Someone set the car on fire.
- What do you mean?
- Didn't you watch the news?
- No.
The car. Horia. It burnt up.
That means that guy's still alive.
- What if he comes after us?
- He doesn't know who we are.
- He didn't see our faces.
- Not your face. he didn't.
What if we just told them
what we saw?
No way!
Don't you even go there.
I could tell Elena we snuck out
for a bike ride in the woods...
Sure. and then we went to the cabin.
took our clothes off. and...
They'll find DNA. traces...
They'll find out everything.
Even if they don’t. it won't take
my dad long to figure it out.
- Why are you so worked up?
- Because I'm not queer!
- What's that have to do with...?
- It does! You are. I'm not. got it?
Are we clear?!
You won't tell anyone. right?
That's the guy.
Are you sure?
Positive. He asked
to borrow my phone.
OK. I want you to tell me
how it all went down.
He said he needed to make a call.
He went into the men's room.
made the call there...
I don't know who to or what was
said. I didn't go in after him.
Then. he came out.
gave me my phone back.
and that was it.
- We'll be keeping your phone.
- How come?
No way. It's brand new.
I only bought it a month ago.
I have a ton of photos on it!
You'll get a voucher.
so you can get a new one.
Sorry. Can you step out for a sec?
That number the victim dialed...
It traced back to the DIICOT.
- Of course it did.
- You already knew that?
No.
"The Lord is my shepherd."
"I shall not want."
"He maketh me to lie down
in green pastures.""
"He leadeth me
beside the still waters."
"Thy rod and thy staff
they comfort me."
"Thou anointest my head with oil."
"And I will dwell
in the house of the Lord for ever."
It's them. My sons.
Stadian and Giani Ceprache.
[IN GYPSY]
Let's go.
Did something happen?
Simona. may I come in?
[IN GYPSY]
Look where following Jartea got them!
At the morgue!
Listen here.
You've no business going there.
You're choosing a different life.
staying in school.
making something of yourself!
You have a parish and everything!
Know this. Aleodor! I'll kill you
myself if you don't mind me!
I will too. rather than stand by
while Jartea kills you first!
Our main suspect: Nicu Jartea.
Sorry. I mean Nicu Jartea. Esquire.
He joined the Bar in '98. and retired
two years later to go into business.
Meaning drugs. prostitution.
human trafficking.
He'd call it providing jobs
for the Roma community.
- What does the DIICOT have on him?
- More than us. I guess.
But I'm not sure
how much they're willing to share.
He's a hard man to reach anyway.
Everyone clams up
when it comes to Nicu Jartea.
In a nutshell: he's a chancer
who knows which palms to grease.
We don't question him first.
We start with the victims' families.
see what we can dig up
- ...that we can use against him.
- Right.
- We have another problem.
- I'm listening.
That crazy broad called
a press conference.
She threatens to out our man
unless we give her intel.
- The crazy broad is DA Elena Zamfir?
- The one and only.
The Elena Zamfir I know is a pro.
She'd never make public statements
she couldn't prove.
That's not what I heard about her.
Maybe she'll manage to get herself
sacked. like in Bucharest.
But not before wrecking the three
years of work we put into this.
Since when do we just trust
what the media tells us?
Elena Zamfir wasn't fired.
She left on her own.
Things were a bit more nuanced
in Bucharest.
Say she does let something slip.
What about Cristi and his family?
Camelia. I know this is
personal for you.
And I am truly sorry
about what happened.
But we all knew going in that this
op came with some pretty big risks.
Cristi did too.
Still. don't you think we should
come through for our own?
Cristi has a one-year-old baby!
If Jartea finds out he was a CI.
what happens to his family?
Or do we chalk them up to risks too?
Laur. give us a minute!
Laur!
You can bring someone along at the
5 PM press conference. if you want.
Your new boss arrives on Monday!
I'd like him to find this place
in top shape.
The work was clean.
He set the car on fire.
There was no trace DNA. and as far as
suspects or valid lead. we have none.
So what do we tell the press today?
That it's too early in the inquiry
to reach relevant insights.
Which is the truth.
It is. only no one cares about that.
not when dealing with four bodies.
- People want information.
- Yes. Barbu.
We found tire tracks made yesterday
by a motorbike around the cabin.
- It rained non stop the night before.
- Bring Horia in.
All right.
- Were the DIICOT there?
- You bet. A scene for the ages.
I'm going to be honest with you.
I want you to see this case through.
No way. We've talked about this.
Sure. only I can't remember
your reasons.
My reason is I have other priorities.
We've made some decisions.
my family and I.
Come on. Elena.
this one fits you like a glove.
You know how these things work.
you know the DIICOT.
How many people can match
your experience?
He pulled me off the case.
- Hello.
Take a seat.
Hiya!
How are you? OK?
I froze when I saw the news.
Four people shot in the head.
And to think.
how close that was to your place!
And I'm in here.
powerless to do anything!
I'm fine. mom.
What happened to your eye?
Nothing. I'm OK.
- You be careful now. Filip.
- For a while at least. OK?
What's going on with you?
How's it... going?
I can't wait to get out.
- To get everything sorted and...
- It's only been a year though.
- You've got...
- 6 years in all. 3 for good behavior.
I want to know about you!
- And them. how are they?
- OK.
And school?
Have you made any new friends?
A few.
How about a girlfriend?
Go on. tell me!
There has to be someone you like!
Filip. you're seventeen!
There's no shame in liking someone.
I do like someone.
- A classmate of yours?
- No.
Is she older then?
What's her name?
Come on. please. tell me!
It'll be our secret. I promise!
Horia.
What about Horia?
His name's Horia.
- Are you saying...?
- I don't know. mom! I don't!
Maybe it's a phase.
I mean. I hope it is.
Filip. don't get me wrong.
What I mean is...
you'd be better off not being...
...different.
My only fear is that others
will cause you trouble.
That you'll be judged.
shunned. rejected...
That you'll have
to hide all your life.
But. no matter what. you're my child
and I love you. Don't ever forget!
I love you too!
The Police are looking for you.
Any idea why?
If you did something dumb.
you're better off telling me now.
I've no clue! I didn't do anything!
If I hear differently. I'll kick your
ass into next Tuesday! Got it?
Let's go! They're waiting.
- Hey. Filip!
- Is Elena in?
- She's very busy.
- It's urgent. I want to talk to her.
- One sec.
- Thanks!
Sorry. Mrs. Elena... Filip's here.
Hi.
Filip. what happened to your eye?
It's nothing... Someone hit me.
I want to tell you...
I saw something.
I mean. I saw someone... and...
- It's for you. ma'am!
- It can wait. I'll call them back.
It's a woman. Says it's important.
She mentioned the investigation.
I'll be right back.
Hello?
Hello.
- Good day!
- I'll need you to wait a bit.
Something urgent's come up.
I'm heading out for ten minutes.
- Good day. ma'am!
- Same to you. Mr. Barbu!
- Can I get you a coffee?
- Yes. thank you.
- I take it this is confidential.
- Yes.
OK.
I want to ask you not to publicize
Cristi's part in all of this.
I assume you'll also tell me
why I shouldn't.
You were right.
Cristi wasn't a cop. he was the mole
we had inside the clan.
I was the one he called last night.
At 9:47 PM. using a borrowed phone.
from a gas station in Lower Timis.
He told me they were driving out
to kill someone.
There was a man in their trunk.
- Did he say who?
- He didn't know.
Who else knows about this?
Laurentiu. that's it.
He was his handler.
So then why contact you.
instead of Codrea?
Because I was the one who recruited
him and got him involved in this.
He had a wife
and a one-year-old baby.
If Jartea finds out he was a snitch.
you know what'll happen to them.
- You're here to spill the beans?
- I didn't tell anything. Trust me!
Then what are you doing here?
I did want to tell her I saw the guy.
- But I didn't get the chance to.
- What?!
The guy from the woods. the killer!
And I think he saw me too.
Shit! Did he follow you?
I don't know. I ran like hell
right after I got off.
- We have to tell them!
- Fucking drop it!
We decided we weren't gonna tell.
You promised me!
Sorry. Filip.
I'm all yours now. tell me...
It's nothing.
We can talk about it at home.
- Sure?
- Uh-huh. Yeah.
I'll let Silviu know you're here.
He'll come pick you up. OK?
- Dana. can you call him. please?
- Sure.
Also. tell Ristea
I'll be 10 minutes late.
Horia. let's go.
Do your folks know you're here?
- Yes.
- Great.
- Bye!
- Later!
I won't beat around the bush. I know
you were at the cabin yesterday.
We found tire tracks.
We know you rode your bike there.
- He's gonna kill me.
- Who will?
My dad. I went there to train.
He doesn't know.
He won't let me train
in the woods at night.
If he finds out...
Please. don't tell him!
- What time did you get to the cabin?
- Around 4 or 5.
- And what time did you leave?
- It was 8. or half past.
- And you didn't see anything?
- Nope. nothing.
You didn't see anyone.
or run into anyone?
No.
- Sorry. Mr. Barbu's here for you.
- Wait here for me a sec.
- A word. about Cristodor Ceprache.
- Yes.
He was at the morgue.
to ID his sons.
We let him go. He didn't get home.
- We're looking for him.
- OK.
- And tomorrow morning?
- Like we said. 6 AM.
At least 20 uniforms. Turn the woods
inside out and find me that gun!
Understood.
Hello. I am Elena Zamfir.
I'm a forensic district attorney.
Today at 7:30 AM.
in the Rasnov area in Brasov county.
four dead bodies were discovered.
all Roma men.
aged between 30 and 40.
presenting with fatal gunshot wounds.
The Coroner's preliminary findings
put the time of death
at 11 PM yesterday
and show the same gun was used
on all four men.
If you have any questions...
Letitia Popa.
with the Voice of Brasov.
Can you tell us who the victims are?
For reasons related to our inquiry.
I can't divulge that information
at this time.
Dan Popescu.
with The Truth newspaper.
Did the victims have
a criminal record?
No comment. Any other questions?
You took this case after a sudden
break in an outstanding career path
with the Homicide Department
in Bucharest. Care to comment?
I intend to solve this case.
I'd rather focus on the present
and the future of this inquiry.
- A follow-up. if I may...
- By all means.
Our sources tell us
one of the victims made
an emergency call that night.
Have you managed to identify
the person he was calling?
Could the man who telephoned have
been in fact an undercover agent?
If you have information
that might help our inquiry.
I'm at your disposal.
Otherwise. I'm afraid your sources
are quite simply making things up.
Set up a charity. if you enjoy
backing such creative people!
To return to the facts in question:
if anyone's seen or knows anything
that could help further the inquiry.
I ask them to contact us
without delay! Thank you.
Nice suit.
Did you come from a charity ball?
- No. the press conference.
- You'd better moth-proof it.
Seeing how business
is going lately...
That shipment fell off
the face of the earth!
And I lost four men! Four men. dead!
Four!
I'll find out what happened. even if
I have to kill ten more men myself!
But what do we do until then?
Put on the brakes?
I mean.
just until things cool down a bit...
- I say we cancel the next shipment.
- Nicu. I don't care about your drama.
I didn't fly in all the way
from Palermo for a therapy session!
If the next shipment doesn't get
there. I'll be coming after you!
What time is it?
Almost two.
What a day!
Filip came round the office today.
but we didn't get a chance to talk.
- What was that black eye about?
- You didn't even talk about that?
He slapped a girl in school.
then another boy punched him.
What?! Why would he hit a girl?
I don't know. he wouldn’t say.
She apparently did something
to set him off.
- But he's not like that.
- We still don’t know what he's like!
We've only been in his life a year.
- Silviu...
- Yeah. I know. I watched the news.
I'm sorry.
I'd have liked to tell you myself.
Ristea hounded me. but aside
from that. I thought about it.
I really want this case!
And that journalist provoked me...
Do you remember what we said
before we left Bucharest?
Did we start making
unilateral decisions?
I know. you're right.
But this is different.
After 8 years in Homicide.
this isn't how my career
should've ended. I deserve this.
You promised you'd look after Filip
while your sister's in jail!
Right? Do you think this kid
will raise himself?
- This case is a temporary thing.
- Really?! Temporary. is it?
Maybe that's how I should've answered
when you had me sell my gym
and move away!
How about that?
"No dear. I'm not selling. or moving
because it's all temporary for you!"
If your presence here
weren't temporary
maybe Filip wouldn't feel
like going to see his mom so often!
Or hitting girls at school.
Filip. come on. move it!
Bro! Fuck it! They're here!
- Horia. over here!
- What?
It's here. we're good.
Come on! Let's go! That way!
The DIICOT has long been called down
for lacking an in-house division
of special ops
and judiciary policing.
Now that we have it. we need someone
with the skills to run it well.
The Military Academy in Campina.
The Police Academy.
postgrad in London and Tel Aviv.
a PhD in Milan.
Then he represented Romania
at the Europol. in Berlin.
where he specialized in cross-border
drug trafficking rings.
After such a stellar career abroad.
he's come back to Romania
to head up The Anti-Drug Ops and the
Special Ops division of the DIICOT.
Join me in welcoming
Mr. Robert Dima!
Thank you.
Well. to hear that one could think
what I'm best at is tourism.
I'll spare you the fancy speech and
just share my strongest conviction.
Which is that teamwork is key
to achieving greatness.
Doubled. of course. by a belief
in a better world.
EPISODE 1 CO-WRITTEN BY
CAST AND CREW
PRODUCTION COMPANY
BASED ON THE ORIGINAL SERIES
"EYE WITNESS"
DISTRIBUTED BY
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERS
FOR HBO EUROPE
THE CHARACTERS AND EVENTS DEPICTED
ARE FICTITIOUS.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org